{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2865
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 .SFNS-Regular;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red14\green14\blue14;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c6700\c6700\c6700;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sl324\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28 \cf2 OLYMPIANS UNITED\
The Team\
Our Accomplishments\
2026 Action Plan\
Join the Movement\
\
Official 2026 Campaign\
New Leadership.\
Proven Experience.\
An Olympic Champion. An NBA Star. A Business Wizard.\
Fresh ideas built on what works.\
Meet the Slate\
View 2026 Action Plan\
\
The Complete Package:\
Pernilla (President) + Lumi (Secretary General) + Thomas (Treasurer)\
\
Three Continents. One Unified Vision.\
Leadership that represents all Olympians.\
\
Meet the Candidates\
The Team That\
Delivers\
Together, we bring Olympic legacy, global business acumen, and athlete advocacy experience.\
View Full Profile\
For President\
For Secretary General\
For Treasurer\
Video Introduction\
Biography\
Athletic Achievements\
Governance Experience\
Key Achievement\
Track Record\
Business\
Philosophy\
Education\
My Vision for the WOA\
Videos\
Photo Gallery\
Close\
Follow on\
Visit Website\
Athletic Highlights\
Country\
Based In\
Connect\
\
Why Choose Us\
Three Reasons.\
One Clear Choice.\
New leadership with the experience to deliver and the vision to go further.\
\
We Built It\
The Modern WOA\
We helped deliver every major program Olympians rely on today. We are credible because we have done it, 14 years of proven results, not promises.\
\
We Secured It\
Independent & Trusted\
We protected WOA independence while rebuilding the strong working relationship with the IOC that brings funding and influence.\
\
We\'92re Listening\
The Right Team\
An Olympic Champion, an NBA Star, and a Business Wizard, with complementary expertise: Pernilla brings Olympic governance and IOC experience, Lumi brings professional sport business insight, Thomas brings financial and technology acumen. The complete package, listening to your needs.\
\
14 Years of Successful Delivery\
What We\'92ve\
Already Built\
Here\'92s our track record.\
View All \{count\} Achievements\
Show Less\
Related Resources\
\
14 years ago, the WOA did very little. No grants, no scholarships, no NOA toolkits, no Development Officers. Our team built the resources your NOA relies on today.\
Continue what works!\
\
OLY Designation\
Created the OLY post-nominal letters for all Olympians worldwide\
\
World Olympians Forum\
Established the global gathering of Olympians\
\
Service to Society Grants\
Funding for Olympians making community impact\
\
IOC Funding Increase\
Increased funding from IOC by up to 300%\
\
Development Officers\
Established regional development officers to support NOAs\
\
Development Grants\
Created development grants to help grow NOAs\
\
OLY House Rio\
Award-winning OLY House at Rio 2016\
\
Service to Olympians Grants\
Direct support for Olympians\
\
OLY House Paris\
Best OLY House ever at Paris 2024\
\
Fundraising Success\
Raised millions to fund OLY Houses and World Olympians Forums\
\
University Scholarships\
Education opportunities for Olympians worldwide\
\
OLY Ceremonies\
Established recognition ceremonies for Olympians\
\
Health Research\
First-ever global musculoskeletal health survey of Olympians\
\
Olympians for Life\
Created the Olympians for Life awards and ceremonies\
\
Olympian.org Website\
Rebuilt the Olympian.org website\
\
NOA Guide & Toolkits\
Created comprehensive NOA Guide and Toolkits\
\
Relationship Network\
Built relationships with World Academy of Sport, SkillsBuild, and more\
\
New Agreement with IOC\
Secured independence, long-term funding and stability for all WOA programs\
\
Successful Global Campaigns\
When Ebola struck and our NOAs asked for help we launched #TargetEbola and thanks to the global Olympian community we sent six containers of medical and other supplies to Sierra Leone and Liberia. Our #OlympiansforUkraine campaign raised funding to help displaced Ukrainian Olympian families.\
\
The Manifesto\
Our 2026\
Action Plan\
We don\'92t just have slogans. We have a concrete, funded, and actionable roadmap to modernize the WOA and empower National Olympians Associations.\
\
Why this matters\
The WOA needs to evolve from a ceremonial body to a functional support network. Our plan focuses on financial decentralization and tangible tools for life after sport.\
\
Commitment\
View All \{count\} Commitments\
Show Less\
\
Independent but Collaborative IOC Relations\
Maintaining our independence as an association while working closely and constructively with the IOC. We are the real bridge.\
\
Health, Pensions & Image Sovereignty\
We will aggressively champion a global safety net, lobbying for health insurance coverage and pension schemes for Olympians. Furthermore, we will demand the absolute protection of Image Rights post-Games. Once the competition ends, your likeness and your data belongs to you, and we will work to secure the frameworks that ensure you control your own legacy.\
\
Maintaining and Enhancing Gender Equity\
We commit to actively protect and enhance the historic 50/50 gender representation reform initiated by the WOA Constitution Committee chaired by Pernilla Wiberg.\
\
Continuing Financial Transparency\
The current administration moved from publishing our annual audit reports every four years to publishing them every year. We will continue that practice and ensure we implement the latest financial best practices and good governance processes.\
\
The Life Transition Fund\
We will establish a dedicated grant specifically for NOAs to run local mental health and life and career transition workshops. Resources will be flexible to meet local cultural and economic needs.\
\
Building NOA Empowerment\
We will appoint a Development Officer for every continent and prioritise regional and continental workshops and meetings to build NOA capacity and experience.\
\
Supercharging OLY Connect\
We will leverage Thomas Tang\'92s tech expertise to make OLY Connect the indispensable app for Olympians that provides them with benefits, opportunities, connections, and business, career and life networking and support.\
\
Increasing NOA Grants\
The NOA Development Grants and Service to Society and Service to Olympians Grants are always oversubscribed. We will raise more funding to increase the number of grants we can award every year.\
\
For 14 years, we\'92ve worked tirelessly to create today\'92s WOA which serves Olympians needs and empowers them to give back to their communities through our many services, initiatives and grants. Pernilla, Lumi, and Thomas have been integral to many of these achievements. They have my full confidence to continue this work and take the WOA to even greater heights. And, crucially, to protect our independence.\
Jo\'ebl Bouzou\
WOA President (2011\'962026)\
\
Work with us to take the WOA to the next level.\
We want to hear from Olympians and National Olympians Associations. Request a meeting with Pernilla, Lumi, or Thomas to discuss the needs of your NOA and your Olympians.\
We built it. We secured it. We\'92ll work with you to grow it.\
\
Full Name (OLY)\
Jane Doe, OLY\
National Association\
e.g. French Olympians Association\
Email Address\
jane@example.com\
WhatsApp Number\
+1 234 567 8900\
Message\
Any questions or information you\'92d like to share\'85\
Request Meeting\
Sending\'85\
\
Request Sent!\
We will be in touch shortly to schedule.\
Submit another request\
\
Something went wrong. Please try again or contact us directly.\
\
OLYMPIANS UNITED\
We are a group of OLYs dedicated to serving the World Olympians Association with integrity, transparency, and action.\
Navigation\
Our Mission\
The Candidates\
2026 Action Plan\
Legal\
Privacy Policy\
2026 Olympians United Campaign. All rights reserved.\
Built for the future of sport.\
\
Privacy Policy\
Last updated: December 2025\
\
Information We Collect\
We collect information you provide directly, including your name, email address, National Olympians Association, WhatsApp number, and any messages you submit through our contact form.\
\
How We Use Your Information\
We use your information to respond to your inquiries, schedule meetings with our candidates, and communicate about the Olympians United 2026 campaign. We do not sell or share your personal information with third parties for marketing purposes.\
\
Third-Party Services\
Our website may embed content from third-party services such as YouTube and Vimeo for video content. These services may collect information about your visit. Please refer to their respective privacy policies for more information.\
\
Data Retention\
We retain your information only as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this policy or as required by law.\
\
Your Rights\
You have the right to access, correct, or delete your personal information. To exercise these rights, please contact us using the contact form on our website.\
\
Contact Us\
If you have questions about this Privacy Policy, please use the contact form on our website to reach us.\
\
Close}